well we've gone for a nice pleasant
stroll in the garden we bumped into
pronounced the boy the three-time
European champion Renault um how
different is it though cause racing in
this will attract than a European
circuit it's really really different and
I think it's really fun that what we can
see anywhere in the world I think
anybody's got trouble because the track
is really hard and rough now because of
the concrete section and then the dust
coming and not so much I'd right now so
three hard to drive now I mean that is
point every time you go out the tracks
very very different how do you learn the
track for every heat we have four
minutes and we have to deal with that
it's the same for anybody but I managed
to make to clear rounds the last two
rounds so I'm really happy with that but
we have to deal with that and I don't
take so many risks so that's why i
managed to don't crash and drive safely
it's all the coolest about getting the
semi-final in the final I mean are you
certain your car up site will last for
the long races yeah sure guys I think
for me that the classification were
already really rude for the car so we
had to deal with that and be sure that
we can finish the six rounds like that
today you know it's like already the
semi practices for me because I managed
to for clearance yesterday and the day
before so today was just practicing yeah
now you're very interesting in the fact
you your Frenchman who wasn't Australia
and now you're in America I'm not like
France anymore I do like it because it's
nice but it's too cold yeah so to tell
us why why you've now moved to America
because I think it's the best place to
race RC cars and and the facilities
right there you cannot find it anywhere
else you know just before the world's i
went to a track it was like 20 minutes
for from my place was indoor it's just
raining a lot outside in your indoor and
you can race in Europe you cannot find
out anywhere
so but we'll keep see you coming back
for european championships are you sure
i will have to because i try to discuss
with carlos gomez for Evra do you have
the rankings and get qualified directly
because I'm the European champ what I
still have to do the National to qualify
myself so and I think it's good to come
back to France see the friends and any
new are up to so even a triple European
champion has to do is national series
right enter the national series i have
to do club races yeah that's the
eighties they're not they're not this
must be some some EU thing they aren't
the little best races get away with oh
thanks talking to you thank you guys see
you